you
this lecture is about the sentiment and
classification if we assume that most of
the elements in the pinyin
representation are they known then our
only task may be just to send them in
the classification as shown in this case
so suppose we know who is opinion holder
and what's the opinion target and also
know the content and context of the
opinion then we mainly need to decide
the opinion sentiment of the review so
this is a case of just using sentimental
classification for understanding opinion
cinema classification can be defined
that more specifically as follows the
input is opinionated a text object
the output is typically sent in the
label or sentimental tag and that can be
designed in two ways one is polarity
analysis where we have categories such
as positive negative or neutral the
other is emotion analysis that can go
beyond polarity through characterize the
feeling of the opinion holder in the
case of polarity analysis we sometimes
also have numerical ratings as you often
see in some reviews on the web 5 might
denote the most positive and one may be
a most negative for example in general
you have just discrete the categories to
characterize the sentiment in emotion
analysis of course there are also
different ways to design the categories
the six most frequently used two
categories are happy set here for angry
surprised and disgusted so as you can
see the task is essentially a
classification task or categorization
task as we have seen before so it's a
special case of text categorization
this also means any text book head
rotation method can be used to send them
the classification now of course if we
just do that
accuracy may not be good because send
when the classification does require
some improvement over regular texture
categorization technique or a simple
text categorization technique in
particular it needs two kinds of
improvements one is to use more
sophisticated features that may be more
appropriate for sending the tagging as I
will discuss in more in a moment the
other is to consider the order of these
categories and especially polarity
announced it's very clear that order
here and so these categories are not all
that independent there is the order
among them and so it's useful to
consider the order for example we could
use ordinal regression to do that and
that's something that we'll talk more
about later so now let's talk about some
features that are often very useful for
texture categorization and text mining
in general but some of them are
especially also needed for sentiment
analysis so let's start from the
simplest one which is character in grams
you can just have a sequence of
characters as a unit and they can be
mixed with different ends different
lengths right and this is a very general
way and the robust way to represent the
text of data and you can do that for any
damage pretty much and this is also
robust to spamming errors or recognition
errors right so if you misspell the word
by one character and this replenishing
actually would allow you to match this
world when in the recursive in the text
correctly
I salute mrs. Baird award and the
character form can be matched because
they contain some common Ingram's of
characters but of course such a
recommendation would not be as
discriminative as words so next row we
have word engrams a sequence of words
and again we can mix them with different
lenses eunuch rams are actually often
very effective for a lot of text
processing tasks and mostly because
words are well designed the features by
humans for communication and so they
often
good enough for many tasks but it's not
good or not sufficient for seminal
answers created for example we might see
a sudden it's like it's not good or it's
not as good as something else right so
in such a case if you just take a good
and that would suggest positive but
that's not good right so it's not
accurate but if you take the by gram not
good together and then it's more
accurate so longer engrams are generally
more discriminative and they are more
specifically if you match it and it says
a lot and it's accurate it's unlikely
very ambiguous but it may cause
overfitting because with such very
unique features the machine learning
program can easily pick up such features
from the training set and to rely on
such unique features to distinguish
calories and obviously that kind of
classify won't generalize well to future
data when such a discriminative features
will not necessary occur so that's a
problem of overfitting that's not the
desirable we can also consider part of
speech attack engrams if we can do part
of speech tagging and for example ad
till 9 could form a pair we can also mix
engrams
of words and engrams of part of speech
tags for example the word great might be
followed by a noun and this could become
a feature a hybrid engine that could be
useful for sentiment analysis so next we
can also have word classes so these
classes can be syntactic like a part of
speech attacks or could be semantic and
they might represent concepts in the
thesaurus or ontology and coordinate or
they can be recognized the named
entities like people or place and these
categories can be used to enrich the
representation as additional features we
can also learn word clusters empirically
for example I will talk talk about
mining associations of words and so we
can have cluster of paradigmatically
related words in
in relating words and these clusters can
be features to supplement the world
based on orientation furthermore we can
also have a freaking the patterns in
text and these could be freaking the
water set the words that the former
pattern do not necessarily occur
together or next to each other but we
also have locations where the words
might occur more closely together and
such patterns provide a more
discriminating features than words
obviously and they may also generalize
better than just the record engrams
because they are frequently so you can
expect them to occur also in test data
so they have a lot of advantages but
they might still face the problem of
overfitting as the features become more
complex this is a problem in general and
the same is true for past rebased
features where you can use a path tree
to derive features such as frequently
sub trees or paths and those are even
more discriminating but they they also
are more likely to cause overheating and
in general pattern discovery algorithms
are very useful for feature construction
because they allow us to search in a
larger space of possible features that
are more complex than words that are
sometimes useful so in general natural
and processing is very important to
derive contacts features and they get in
in rich text representation so for
example this is a simple sentence that I
showed you a long time ago
and in another picture so from these
words we can only derive simple word
engrams recommendations or character
engrams but with NLP we can enrich the
revenant aging with a lot of other
information such as part of speech tags
parse trees or entities or even speech
actor now with such original formation
of course then we can generate a lot of
other features more complex features
like amidst grams of war and part of
speedy tags or even a part of parse tree
so in general
if you design actually effects
categorizing accuracy significantly and
it's a very important part of our name
machine learning application in general
I think it would be most effective if
you can combine machine learning error
analysis and domain knowledge in design
images so firstly you want to use the
main knowledge your understanding of the
problem the designs see the features and
you can also define a basic feature
space with a lot of possible features
for the machine learning program to work
on and machine learning can be applied
to select the most effective features or
construct the new features that's
feature learning and these features can
then be further analyzed by humans
through error analysis and you can look
at the category dating errors and then
further analyze what features can help
you recover from those errors or what
features cause overfitting and cause
those errors and so this can lead to
feature validation that will revise the
feature set and then you can iterate and
we might consider using a different
feature space so NLP enriches texture
replenishing as I just said and because
it enriches the feature space it allows
much largest such a space of features
and there are also many meaning more
features that can be very useful for a
lot of tasks but be careful not to use a
lot of complicated features because it
can cause overheating or otherwise you
have to do the training carefully not to
let overfitting happen so a main cannon
in design features a common enemy is to
optimize the trade-off between exhausted
tivity and specificity and this
trade-off it turns out to be very
difficult now exhaustively means we want
that features to actually have high
coverage of a lot of documents and so in
that sense you want the features to be
frequent specificity requires the
feature to be discriminative
so naturally infrequent
tend to be more discriminating so this
really caused the trade-off between
frequent vs. infrequent features and
that's why future design is generally
art and that's perhaps the most
important part in a pride machine
learning - any problem in particular in
our case for text categorization or more
specifically sentiment classification